>> Marcy Sutton: So for this exercise,
let's test some web pages and
focus just on the keyboard.
Like any web page, any application,
just start tabbing through and
see if you get stuck anywhere.
Try to not use your track-pad or
your mouse and see kind of like
what What you encounter,
how did your keyboard testing go?
It's pretty wild how pervasive
keyboard issues are.
Like if you could turn your mouse off,
like have no mouse Fridays or
no mouse Mondays or something and
have your whole team do that,
I think it would make a big impact.
Just because It's amazing
to me how few websites and
web applications do support the keyboard.
And it really is something
that benefits all of us.
So for our next few exercises.
I'm gonna set a few up and then we're
gonna do another debugging break.
Where you'll go do some testing on your
own but you can test multiple things and
kind of play around with
whatever you wanna focus on.
So the first thing is to
run a browser extension.
So you could have AXE, either in Chrome or
Firefox, Accessibility Insights,
I think it's Chrome,
maybe Firefox, Lighthouse,
which is another tool that you could
test performance at the same time.
Both lighthouse and Accessibility Insights
use the AXE core API
under the hood, so
it's really similar rule set.
If you want to change you a completely
different accessibility rule set,
you could use the WAVE extensions.
And then there's a color contrast
extension called NoCoffee.
You can simulate with someone
who has a color deficiency or
just sees colors differently.
You can simulate, that's pretty common.
So browser extensions, you could test
with the accessibility developer tools.
And I use these together.
So the reason I'm telling you about these
at the same time is that often I will
switch back and
forth between an accessibility browser
extension and the developer tools.
And Chrome, which I'll show you another
tool that I like a lot here in a second.
They have this color picker and the
accessibility pane that we saw earlier.
There's also some new tools in Firefox.
They have an accessibility inspector and
some color contrast stuff.
And in the slides are links to more
information from the Chrome team and
Mozilla about if you need
help setting those up.
So let's look real quickly
at this color picker.
So if I inspect in Chrome, and
I pull up an element that has a color,
if I click on that and
open this color picker dialog,
it has a contrast ratio indicator
right in the color picker.
Which is outstanding to me, I'm so
excited about this color picker.
So it will tell you the contrast ratio.
So the ratio refers to the colors in
the foreground and the background.
So there needs to be enough of
a difference in those colors.
That's how we can tell how color
will stand out on its background.
So for these links they're dark gray
on white, they have great contrast.
The ratio is 12.63 to 1.
So it's always a comparison
of the ratio of to one.
And there's two levels indicated here,
double A and triple A.
And we're not really getting into
the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines
really at all today, or
the legal space at all.
But the double A and triple A levels
are thresholds that you can aim for.
A double A is less stringent than triple
A, if you can hit triple A, amazing.
But double A tends to be a standard in
the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.
And that just means that your
contrast ratio 4.5 to one for
small non bold text and 3 to 1 for
larger text and bold text.
And this contrast ratio,
I can go and drag it around and
see what colors,
like how they change the ratio.
So if I had a color that
wasn't passing I could do and
drag it on this color picker and sometimes
it just means tweaking it slightly so
that your design team doesn't know.
You have to go back to them and be like,
you know these colors don't pass if
you can kind of squeak it in there,
maybe they won't know.
But maybe it's a brand color,
that's a bigger conversation.
But this tool just being able to play
with the colors in the dev tools
is a game changer.
So that's that, I close the dev tools and
keyboard shortcut is
Option+Command+I on the Mac and
on Windows is Control+Shift+I.
That's how I toggle it with the keyboard.
So also some testing with screen readers.
I have the cheat sheets for
voiceover, NVDA and jaws.
So jaws is another window screen reader.
I changed my text color.
Refresh it.
[LAUGH] JAWS is super common with people
who rely on assistive technology.
NVDA is really similar, like they both
works similarly, and NVDA is free and
open source, so I'd probably start there.
But I included both cheat sheets
just because JAWS is so common.
So we'll play with that a little bit and
really what I'm looking for
with testing with screen readers is just
turn it on and start navigating around.
Refer to the cheat sheets for just how to
navigate through elements, screen readers.
You don't need to make
everything focusable,
because they have other
ways of navigating.
Like going through headings,
going through landmark elements and
various things on the page.
And the cheat sheets will tell you
what the commands are for those.
And some combinations for
screen reader testing, OS10, voiceover and
Safari are really common.
Like, I would recommend using Safari
before Chrome with voiceover,
just because that is what people
who use it would be using.
NVDA and Firefox on Windows.
NVDA works with a lot of different things,
you could probably use it with Chrome.
I tend to test it with Firefox on Windows.
JAWS and IE11 or Edge on Windows.
IE11 still kicking around,
mainly because of the support with JAWS.
If you have an iPhone or
an IOS device, voiceover and
Safari on mobile is a really
good thing to play with.
And so that's an interesting interface.
You can go into your operating system and
turn on the setting to just
triple tap the home button.
That's how I turned it on.
Android accessibility was
formerly called talkback,
that's the screen reader
on Android devices.
And then if you're hold out on Linux,
there is a screen reader
on Linux called Orca.
And then the last thing you could play
with would be magnification, so zoom in,
zoom all the way in.
Like if I hit Command plus and I go way
in, and I can go all the way to 500%.
And actually, I've used relative font
sizes here, so mine actually will resize.
So if you're using pixel font sizes you
might see that it doesn't want a resize.
So you might want to change
it to relative Ms or M units.
There's also the operating
operating system level Zoom.
There is assistive technology that
people use, like Zoom text, so
we can play with that.
So yeah, we will test with magnification,
screen readers, Dev Tools and
browser extensions.